c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\CollegeFootballScores.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\CollegeFootballScores.pdb
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.dll
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.pdb
c:\Users\Jack\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\Jack\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\Users\Jack\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\CollegeFootballScores.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\CollegeFootballScores.pdb
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.dll
C:\Users\jcheney\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.pdb
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\CollegeFootballScores.dll.config
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\CollegeFootballScores.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\CollegeFootballScores.pdb
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.dll
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.pdb
C:\Users\admin77\Desktop\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\CollegeFootballScores\obj\Debug\CollegeFootballScores.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
